# Quiz app

The quiz is about the topic on geography and countries around the world. The list of questions and answers is provided by Open Trivia Database API (https://opentdb.com/api_config.php). There are a total of 10 questions and will be random for each time the user attempt the quiz. The questions may or may not be the same as previous attempt after restarting the quiz as it is randomly generated by opentdb.

Our quiz app contains a total of five-screen, the login screen where a user submits their email and password, the registration screen where new user register, the welcome screen where it shows three buttons which is attempt quiz, about this app, and logout, and last is the questions screen. Each question has 4 options once the user clicks on the option it will move to the next question. At the end score screen where you can check your score. For state management, we use the getX package.

## Project members

- Muhammad Ammar Zakwan bin Amran (1712711)
- Nuraina Nazihah binti Norazlan (1814478)
- Siti Nur Adawiyah Binti Khairul Akmal (1915478)
- Nazurah binti Imran (1911264)

## Objective

- To test our knowledge on the countries around the world
- At the same time, to also expand our knowledge more on that topic


## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter, view our
[online documentation](https://flutter.dev/docs), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.
